Add info on rendering an error page when using getServerSideProps (#34488)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-server-side-props.md

export default Page
```

## Does getServerSideProps render an error page

> If an error is thrown inside `getServerSideProps`, it will show an error page when using `next start`. To display an error page, you must create the `pages/500.js` file. Check out the documentation for [500 page](/docs/advanced-features/custom-error-page#500-page) to learn more on how to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error is thrown inside `getServerSideProps`, it will show the `pages/500.js` file. Check out the documentation for [500 page](/docs/advanced-features/custom-error-page#500-page) to learn more on how to create it. During development this file will not be used and the dev overlay will be shown instead. 
```
